Team number: 7

Team members: 
K.Diwakar reddy - 18mis1051
M.Bhumika       - 18mis1024
T.Jayasri reddy - 18mis1020
P.Vaishnavi     - 18mis1086

Topic: HOSPITAL MANAGEMENT SYSTEM
>Database name is webproject and connection established file is "connection.php".

>main frame(hospital page) file name is hospitalpage.php
 It contains 2 images along with some text format.
 pic1.jpg and pic2.jpg
 Click here is the a href given in this webpage to connect to next webpage

>"hospitalimages.php" is the file which contains many images of hospitals("visit.jpg") to choose to login.
 All the hospital images are linked with "hosital1.php".
 For no to proceed  press the image "back.png" which is connected to  "hospitalpage.php" through a href.

>In hospital1.php we have 4 frames.
 frame1 which has doctor login as "dlogin.php"
 dlogin.php has an image "dimage.jpg" and href "doctor" which contains a file doctorinfo.php.
 doctorinfo.php contains an image loginregister.png where login is connected to doctorlogin.php 
 and register is connected to newuserd.php through imagemapping and Next which is connected to "feedback.php" through a href.
 If login is correct it will connect to pdetails.php else connect to doctorinfo.php.

>frame2 which has patient login as "plogin.php"
 plogin.php has an image "pimage.png" and href "patient" which contains a file patientinfo.php.
 patientinfo.php contins an image loginregister.png where login is connected to patientlogin.php 
 and register is connected to newuserp.php through imagemapping and Next which is connected to "feedback.php" through a href.
 If login is correct it will connect to "ddetails.php" else connect to patientinfo.php.

>frame3 which has pharmacy login as "phlogin.php"
 phlogin.php has an image "phimage.png" and href "pharmacy" which contains pcal.php,
 Next which is connected to "feedback.php" through a href and mail validation is done here.

> frame4 which has marquee *click on above links.
  It is the target frame for all 1,2,&3 frames.

>"feedback.php" has 2 images "pic4.jpg" and "pic3.jpg".

>"pic3.jpg" is connect to nextpage through imagemap where yes is connected to "feedbackform.php" and no is connected to main page "hospitalpage.php"

>"feedbackform.html" has next connected to "hospitalpage.php" through a href and mail verification is done here.
>"mail.php" is the file used for mail verification.


